AboutOur workResourcesBlogGet InvolvedHire UsDonateOne Future Collective We are a feminist youth led not for profit nurturing radical kindness in people, communities and organisations -- with a vision of a world built on social justice, led by communities of care. Know MoreSubscribe to our NewsletterWe ExistBecauseWe believe that a radically kinder world is a more just and equitable world.We provide Knowledge and capacity building, nurturing safe spaces, advocacy, feminist mental health and legal services and youth engagement -- in the areas of gender justice, mental health, feminist leadership. To People, communities and organisations. “Nurturing radical kindness towards a world built on social justice, led by communities of care.”What does a radically kinder world look like?What are communities of care?What do we mean by social justice? Our Impact100+Survivors Supported 7,000+Leaders Trained 60,000+Learning Hours 500+ Trainings Delivered 20+ Resources Created 10,00,000+Total Outreach What’s NewRise Up by FemJustice Legal Centre6 min readBlogJune 16, 2020Contemporary Issues Gender JusticeThe Rise Up series is a column that explores how the process of seeking justice can be a transformative tool to combat gender based crimes, while also recognising the survivor client’s agency, lived reality and desire for justice. Continue readingResourcesPublications We create and curate e-books, manuals, research studies, reports and more to bring you insight on issues of importance. Podcast We host conversations and reflections on social issues from an intersectional feminist lens. VideosWe design informational and instructional video based content on issues of social justice. Games We adapt and design games to foster behavioural change and start conversations. Printables We design open source content on different themes that you can print or share digitally with your communities. Clients and PartnersIn the NewsOne Future CollectiveAbout Journey, Values and Impact Team Advisors and MentorsTheory of Change Our Work Knowledge Communities Advocacy FellowshipFemJustice Centre Queer Rights CentreResources BlogGet Involved Hire UsFAQs 